---
layout: post
title: Tuesday, 6/11/17
---

### Transcription

    He hath done all things
    well"
    Very much better in health
    Received supply of pyjamas
    for patients. All look happier
    Bad cases recovering
    Paralysis of hand + arm under
    massage treat - by me Showing
    signs of improvement.
    Took Major to Iso. got canisters
    fixed up as a covering.
    Put on more orderlies to
    lessen my own work. Should get
    an hour or two off per day.
    Talk of boat being sighted Prob a
    star Pte Meers + Burton sharing
    Cabin (my permission) Cabin worth £60
    for trip. Talk of us remaining
    on Transport duty. "He knows"

[in margin]

    9pm Bottom burnt out of steriliser Evidently night O. neglect.


### Expanded

> He hath done all things well
>
> [— Mark 7:37]

Very much better in health.

Received supply of pyjamas for patients. All look happier. 

Bad cases recovering. Paralysis of hand and arm under massage treatment - by me - showing signs of improvement.

Took Major to Isolation, got canisters fixed up as a covering. Put on more orderlies to lessen my own work. Should get an hour or two off per day.

Talk of boat being sighted. Probably a star.

Private Meers & Burton sharing cabin (my permission). Cabin worth £60 for trip.

Talk of us remaining on Transport duty.

"He knows"

[in margin]

9pm Bottom burnt out of steriliser. Evidently night orderly neglect.

{% cloudinary_upload /images/diary/photos/7.jpeg alt="photo of page 7, transcribed above" %}
