---
layout: post
title: Trinidad, 2/12/17
---

### Transcription

	Left-Colon Nov 27. Arrived Trinidad 2/12/17
	Trinidad
	A traveller wrote
	How is one to tell of the
	blaze of colour the flaring
	scarlet of the begonia, the
	vermilion of the bois
	immortelle, the red +
	yellow of the croton, the
	crimson of the nutmeg
	apple, the pale yellow
	of the allspice, the
	snowy white of the
	mayapple flowers, the
	feathery green of the
	bamboo, the innumerable
	shades of green on the
	mountain top and valley
	and plain? Once cannot

	do it, and may just as
	well not try.
	All of this profusion one
	can see without stirring
	from the verandah of
	the Queen's Park Hotel.
	Facing this is the wide
	sweep of the savannah
	from which the hotel
	takes it's name — a smooth
	level expanse of green
	which runs sheer to the
	edge of the dark green
	mountains beyond as
	would the waters of a lake.
	On a moonlit night the
	resemblance of a placid
	sheet of water is so
	startling in its accuracy

	as a face in the fire
	or a figure in the clouds;
	+ were it not for the myriad
	fireflies which flitter over
	it, a stranger led blind-
	fold to the hotel + then
	allowed to look upon it at
	night might listen for
	the splash of oars.
		Sports.
	Savannah. Pt of Spain
	possesses a great; green
	pleasure ground which
	is unsurpassed by any
	similar expanse
	Cricket, polo, football +
	other athletic sports are
	held there almost every
	afternoon

	Geographical Trinidad
	Separated from South
	America by the Gulf of
	Paria + bounded on the
	N. by the Caribbean Sea
	+ on the east by the Atlantic
	the island lies between
	10º3" + 10º50" North Latitude 
	+ 60º54" + 61º36" West Longitude
	Area 1754 Sq miles
	Roughly 50 miles in length
	+ 35 miles across.
	The only port of importance
	is Port of Spain on the
	Gulf of Paria, a few
	miles south of the Dragon's
	Mouth (Bocas) a name
	applied to the four islands

	that guard the northern
	entrance to the Gulf
	in the 12 mile wide channel
	separating Trinidad from
	Venezuela.
	There are two mountain
	ranges on the Island
	the higher peak Tucuche
	3,012 ft
	Pts on three sides of Is.
	unavailable because of
	the shallows.
	The Island of Tobago, a
	political part of Trinidad
	is N.E. of T — separated by
	a channel 19 miles wide.
	Tobago is 27 miles long + 7 wide
	Trinidad is outside of the hurricane
	belt + does not suffer from violent storms.

	Historical
	1499 Columbus discovered Trinidad
		on his third voyage in 1499
		sighting first the Three
		Sisters, Peahs of Noruga
		+ because of a vow he
		had taken named the Is
		"La Trinidad" The Trinity
		Indian Name "Jëre" = The
		Land of the Humming Bird.
		300 years under Spanish Rule
	1595 First English visitor Sir
		Robert Dudley came from
		Africa in the "Bear"
		Sir Walter Raleigh came
		soon after + with Capt
		Caulfield + 90 men captured
		the capital. but soon
		abandoned it.  "Wont wonder 
		if it were as hot then as now"
	1640 The Dutch made and unsuccessful
		attempt to capture it.
	1672 English from Barbados was
		even less successful than Dutch
	1677 French sacked the island +
		carried off considerable plunder
	1702 Cocoa planting began
		Negro slavery introduced
	1725 Nearly all the cocoas died +
		a long term of poverty ensued
	1773 Colonised. 1200 French + a
		few Irish + English
	1797 Sir Ralph Abercromby with
		fleet + 10.000 British soldiers
		conquered the island
	1809 Ceded to Gt Britain
	1834 Portuguese emigrants came
		from the Azores + Madera
		Slavery abolished

### Expanded

Left-Colon Nov 27. Arrived Trinidad 2/12/17

#### Trinidad

A traveller wrote
> How is one to tell of the blaze of colour the flaring scarlet of the begonia, the vermilion of the bois immortelle, the red and yellow of the croton, the crimson of the nutmeg apple, the pale yellow of the allspice, the snowy white of the mayapple flowers, the feathery green of the bamboo, the innumerable shades of green on the mountain top and valley and plain? Once cannot do it, and may just as well not try.
	
All of this profusion one can see without stirring from the verandah of the Queen's Park Hotel. Facing this is the wide sweep of the savannah from which the hotel takes it's name — a smooth level expanse of green which runs sheer to the edge of the dark green mountains beyond as would the waters of a lake.
	
On a moonlit night the resemblance of a placid sheet of water is so startling in its accuracy as a face in the fire or a figure in the clouds; and were it not for the myriad fireflies which flitter over it, a stranger led blind-fold to the hotel and then allowed to look upon it at night might listen for the splash of oars.

#### Sports.

Savannah. Port of Spain possesses a great; green pleasure ground which is unsurpassed by any similar expanse. Cricket, polo, football and other athletic sports are held there almost every afternoon.

#### Geographical Trinidad

Separated from South America by the Gulf of Paria and bounded on the North by the Caribbean Sea and on the east by the Atlantic. The island lies between 10º3" + 10º50" North Latitude and 60º54" + 61º36" West Longitude. Area 1754 square miles. Roughly 50 miles in length and 35 miles across.
	
The only port of importance is Port of Spain on the Gulf of Paria, a few miles south of the Dragon's Mouth (Bocas) a name applied to the four islands that guard the northern entrance to the Gulf in the 12 mile wide channel separating Trinidad from Venezuela.

There are two mountain ranges on the Island, he higher peak Tucuche 3,012 ft
	
Ports on three sides of the Island are unavailable because of the shallows.
	
The Island of Tobago, a political part of Trinidad is north-east of Trinidad — separated by a channel 19 miles wide. Tobago is 27 miles long and 7 wide

Trinidad is outside of the hurricane belt and does not suffer from violent storms.

#### Historical

##### 1499 

Columbus discovered Trinidad on his third voyage in 1499 sighting first the Three Sisters, Peahs of Noruga and because of a vow he had taken named the Island "La Trinidad", The Trinity. Indian Name "Jëre" = The Land of the Humming Bird. 300 years under Spanish Rule

##### 1595 

First English visitor Sir Robert Dudley came from Africa in the "Bear". Sir Walter Raleigh came soon after and with Captain Caulfield and 90 men captured the capital, but soon abandoned it. "Wont wonder  if it were as hot then as now"

##### 1640 

The Dutch made and unsuccessful attempt to capture it.

##### 1672 

English from Barbados was even less successful than Dutch

##### 1677
French sacked the island and carried off considerable plunder

##### 1702

Cocoa planting began. Negro slavery introduced

##### 1725

Nearly all the cocoas died and a long term of poverty ensued

##### 1773

Colonised. 1200 French and a few Irish and English

##### 1797 

Sir Ralph Abercromby with fleet and 10,000 British soldiers conquered the island

##### 1809 

Ceded to Great Britain

##### 1834

Portuguese emigrants came from the Azores + Madera. Slavery abolished




